# SimpleStoryTeller
For CO659 I will create a system that can automatically generate simple stories for a reader that should have a plot that will make logical sense for a reader. These stories will create characters with some measure of back story and history and they will advance through a series of events to create a story. The events will be influenced by the backstories that will have been generated for the characters in order to attempt to create a story that is relevant to the individuals involved instead of a series of events that they are passengers in. It will attempt to produce an output (story) that includes a degree of novelty each time it is run and the events that happen in it should make sense and happen in a linear sequence of time. (Gervais, n.d.). I will however place less emphasis on the semantics of the text and aim to work on the story structure instead. I will evaluate the program by seeing if the story makes sense to the reader and how obvious it is that it was created by my hand instead of the system in question and that if the story was written by an author with talent then the audience could become engaged with its contents. However it could also be evaluated by a form of turing test, if we break another story down into its key plot elements and have them displayed how the computer has would a person be able to tell the difference. (Pease and Colton, n.d.) I I understand that this is not a perfect approach to analysing intelligence or creativity and actually could just show an imitation of intelligence, but I feel like whether or not a story is good is subjective and there for a subjective test should work for it. 
